Team 3 will handle the documentation for the new project next week. John is traveling to New York tomorrow. Meanwhile, we must finalize the budget by Friday. Lucy said she would handle the monthly summary. Rahul and Priya need to schedule the client call by Monday. Everyone is excited for the upcoming holiday. Remember to check the new version of the software for bugs. The CEO insisted that marketing should distribute the new brochures next week. Bob must complete the security review by 5 PM today. This is critical for the next release. 
I want you to vacuum the office space before the guests arrive. The project manager asked us to prepare the slides for tomorrow's presentation. Also, Michael should deliver the updated contract by email. The developers are working on bug fixes. Let's not forget to restock the pantry tomorrow morning. The CFO said that the financial forecast has to be updated by the end of this quarter. Susan is expecting a call from the vendor at 2 PM. We have to decide on a new coffee machine within the next few days. Harriet wants to plan a team outing next month. Could you please forward that email to HR? The security team has recommended that we patch the servers by the end of the day. Everyone is required to sign the new policy documents. Move the old chairs to the storage room. We need to keep track of all the software licenses before they expire. Make sure to call the electrician to fix the broken light. I want you to archive the 2022 records. Maria must write the blog post by Tuesday next week. 
Also, the design team should finalize the logo. Prepare a backup copy of all website assets. The cleaning crew must reorder supplies. Travis will handle the catering. If anyone can pick up the interns from the train station, let me know. The CEO has to review the partnership agreement. We expect the new interns to fill out their paperwork immediately. The marketing team should post the social media updates every morning. Meanwhile, Rahul goes for coffee every day. There's a possibility that tomorrow might be a holiday. We must still complete the daily report. The manager wants to measure the team's performance. We need to deliver these tasks on time. Write the release notes for the software patch. Timmy must update the user guide with the new features by next Wednesday. The design team is not working on that today. The finance team has to finalize the Q1 reports by the end of the month. We should not forget to track all deliverables in the project management tool. John is hosting a lunch session. Anna might join him. It's crucial that the legal team reviews the compliance guidelines ASAP. We need to send them our feedback.